You should not join the Navy if you know yourself as a person number one
doesn't get along with people, number two can't follow directions.
You're kind of setting yourself up for failure in a big way if you
join the military knowing that for instance you do drugs. That's a
sure fire way to get kicked out and then you're going to have that stigma
against you for the rest of your life. People are going to ask
you, have you ever been in the service? And if so, were you kicked
out? And if you mark yes that you were kicked out, then that could be
a bar for entrance to a lot of jobs. Not only that, you could be wasting
your time. Even though you join the service and you get that
training experience, if it's in a job that you don't want to do, and
then you quit that job, then I gotta tell you could have spent your
time doing a job that you would have eventually been doing later on
without wasting people's time in the military. So if you can follow
directions and you can get along with people, then you'll be fine.